2014-09-27/Must think like a Jedi!  Retrospect is important to the series of checks and balances that we put in place to “measure up” our lives activities.  Thankfully, I can honestly and whole heartedly say that I know the people that I met this week will have long lasting echoes on my life’s journey.  I look forward to seeing how we can melt together to become stronger as a unit.  Some of us may even work together permanently…?  How cool will that be to reminisce about how we met at this big bang tech scene when everything was building and forming in this special moment of time.  I know that the demon of doubt will show up again.  I will be ready and willing to commit to whatever I need to do to conquer that situation.  Eliminating the sludge leftover by trolls will be detrimental to maintaining traction.  Most of the content inside my previous blogs have been a basic reboot of the brain.  Holy shit... the world is collapsing…okay ...let it collapse..let’s see what it looks like after we gain from our experience… recalculate our approach & rebuild again.  Find what you are looking for, you will.  Being that I am still new to the blogging scene… I will try to mix it up a bit .  Most of my blog content was from me just decompressing from a mental standpoint and less about actual events.  I will continue to learn how to have less content body and focus more on daily events.  For instance…today several of the yarders team met up at Bar Camp 2014 here in Orlando.  The whole notion of community and sharing of knowledge down here is off the chain…for shizzle.  Thanks to all of the people behind the scenes…anybody that has tried to organize anything knows how many moving parts there are to making an event of that size happen.  I look forward to tech week happenings… thanks again to David, Sarah, Brian & the rest of the team for all of your suave maneuvers with class!